All right, we did a lot so far.
So we have this kind of functioning UI
state that tells us whether it's starting,
we can pick a character.
And then as we pick a character,
we're conditionally loading just
a piece of this SVG, right?
Just a group that this component of Baker,
and
we know because we're using SVG that
everything stays really stable.
We don't have to like keep on messing
around with CSS positioning and
things like that.
Which is the reason why there's just
not a lot of CSS for this project.
It's mostly using SVG's
coordinate system to place these
components in different areas.
And you can see that we're also
saying that we have a baker.
But next, we wanna be able to
ask the person questions right?
We'd have that list of questions that
were ridiculous and we want the friend,
the friend is skeptical that
this is really their friend.
And so they're gonna be asking a bunch of
questions and there's gonna be a bunch of
selections for answers, and you have
to kind of decide which one you want.
So, the next step here is we're going
to start to ask those questions.
And what I mentioned before,
we're gonna use a question index for that.
So if I open up the state,
I'm going to set the question index
at 0 and
then I'm also gonna give us a score.
Because what we wanna be able to do
is score them based off of whether or
not they picked the right one.
If they said that they're a baker and
they gave the baker answer,
then they get a higher score.
And if they said the oddest answer,
they get a lower score.
So cool,
let's go back into our app dot view
and we've got some bubbles for
our friends.
We've got a section that's conditionally
loaded now, and not within the SVG.
But rather on top of the SVG in kind of
HTML land that's positioned absolutely.
We're gonna do a friend talk,
not friend and a zombie talk.
Cool, now in that friend talk,
we have access to UI state questions
character choices character.
What we don't have is that question index,
that we just mentioned previously.
So, let's bring in the question index and
what we're gonna say here, and
we want it to be like a little bit bigger.
We want like an h3 maybe and
in this h3, what we're going
to output is we're gonna go
grab that questions array.
And we're gonna use
square bracket notation
to gather the questions in their array.
We have a bunch of objects, right?
We're gonna gather the zeroeth
degree of the question so
that the first item in that array.
And then we also wanna say dot question,
because if you look back at the store,
we have that questions array.
We're getting this index, and then
we're gonna grab dot question as well.
So I go back into here, and
let's go look at what we've got,
if I say I'm a mechanic.
You can see the friend is like curious and
so he's asking what's your dog's name?
Now the next thing we wanna do is we wanna
make sure that we have some buttons and
things so
that we can answer these questions.
So in zombie talk, what we're gonna do
is we're going to say like p v for,
like we did earlier.
So we're gonna use a p to loop
through some options here and
we're gonna say character
in character choices.
And the key that's unique will be
character cuz we only have one
of each character.
Then inside of here,
we're gonna make a button and
I'm not gonna make the click event yet.
We'll do the click event in just a second
but what we wanna output for now.
As we wanna say questions, and
then we wanna say, question index.
And then we wanna say character
because the character
was actually,
a part of that object, right?
It was a property on that object,
we had baker, mechanic, artists.
So we wanna loop through and we wanna use
that question to output it to the page.
So we've got questions, question index and
character, let's see how we're doing.
There we go, we have a button for
each one of these.
And now we wanna make that click event,
right?
Because we wanna make sure that
we're able to pick our characters.
So I'm gonna say at click
equals pick character and
I'm gonna pass in whatever
character we have going right now.
We also have to make sure so
that it doesn't air that we have an
associative pick character to even test.
So in methods, sorry, not pick character,
like maybe we shouldn't name it something
else cuz we already did pick character.
We'll do pick question here.
Cool, that's better,
we don't need two of these.
We've got pickQuestion and
we're gonna pass in the character.
And right now, let's just console
log to make sure that, that works.
Cool, so let's go back,
we're gonna refresh.
We say artist, pick the character and
I'm going to pick something here,
I'll pick woofgang puck.
And what it was was baker, and
the reason I know that is well,
first it's woofgang puck.
And that's obviously a baker,
where like Salvador Doggy is
probably obviously an artist,
if you like punts.
And then if you go into these questions,
we've got baker, mechanic, artist.
So we know that we've got woofgang puck
and that is the one that we selected,
so working as expected.